[docs] Improve LoRA docs (#3311)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/training/lora.mdx

<Tip warning={true}>

Currently, LoRA is only supported for the attention layers of the [`UNet2DConditionalModel`]. We also 

> support fine-tuning the text encoder for DreamBooth with LoRA in a limited capacity. Fine-tuning the text encoder for DreamBooth generally yields better results, but it slightly increases compute usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support fine-tuning the text encoder for DreamBooth with LoRA in a limited capacity. Fine-tuning the text encoder for DreamBooth generally yields better results, but it can increase compute usage.
```

Since we're adding a handful of parameters here (LoRA specific), the compute usage doesn't get significantly increased.

Let's finetune [`stable-diffusion-v1-5`](https://huggingface.co/runwayml/stable-diffusion-v1-5) on the [Pokémon BLIP captions](https://huggingface.co/datasets/lambdalabs/pokemon-blip-captions) dataset to generate your own Pokémon.

> Specify the `MODEL_NAME` environment variable (either a Hub model repository id or a path to the directory containing the model weights) and pass it to the [`~diffusers.DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained.pretrained_model_name_or_path`] argument. You'll also need to set the `DATASET_NAME` environment variable to the name of the dataset you want to train on. To use your own dataset, take a look at the [Create a dataset for training](create_dataset) guide.

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/pull/3311/files#r1182047816.

* `--report_to=wandb` reports and logs the training results to your Weights & Biases dashboard (as an example, take a look at this [report](https://wandb.ai/pcuenq/text2image-fine-tune/runs/b4k1w0tn?workspace=user-pcuenq)).
* `--learning_rate=1e-04`, you can afford to use a higher learning rate than you normally would with LoRA.

> Now you're ready to launch the training (you can find the full training script [here](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/blob/main/examples/dreambooth/train_dreambooth_lora.py)). The script creates and saves model checkpoints and the `pytorch_lora_weights` in your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you're ready to launch the training (you can find the full training script [here](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/blob/main/examples/dreambooth/train_dreambooth_lora.py)). The script creates and saves model checkpoints and the `pytorch_lora_weights.bin` in your repository.
```
